Discussion of box size parameter in meas_meta_setup.

The setup code builds a map of the satellite measurements that
contribute to the brightness temperature at each particular
ground pixel by traversing through a list of swath files and
examining all the pixels surrounding the location of that
measurement.  How large an area (in pixels) is examined is
determined by a parameter called box_size.  The box size was
originally set to be 160 pixels for the lower 5 SSM/I channels
and 80 for the two 85 GHz channels.  The box size depends on the
footprint size for each measurement and was determined
empirically as described in the next paragraph.  We have found
that the large pixel box size originally specified is a good
comparison starting point for the exercise to determine the
optimum box size.  We reduced the box size in steps finding the
point where the output temperatures began to differ significantly
from those obtained from the larger box size.  We calculated both
the percentage of pixels that differed in each output image as
well as the mean if the difference images.

On the super computer (Janus) I ran a full day of data into the
3.125 km grid for all channels and all projections as well as
LTOD separations using the original pixel box sizes.  Next I
added a box_size parameter as an optional argument to the setup
code (-b 60 for example) and ran the same set of complete output files for
120/60, 100/50, 90/45, 60/30 and 40/20 pixel box sizes - note the
first number is the size for the lower channels and the second
for the 85 GHz channels.

The final values chosen were 100 for 19 and 22 GHz channels, 60
for 37 GHz and 20 for 85 GHz.  New regression data were generated for
these values and are labeled 20150914.

I then created a spread sheet that showed the percentage of
pixels that had changed using the smaller box sizes for each
channel and projection and based on that, in discussion with DL
and MJB, we came up with a set of box sizes to use in the setup
code.  I wrote a box_size_by_channel function for setup that
will return the correct box size depending on the channel and the
sensor-type. 

After implementation, I added 2 more sets of data to the spread
sheet to show the percentage of pixel values that had changed
from the original output for both SIR and BGI.  In all case the
only Tb values that changed were on the T projections and the
percentage different was less than 0.5%

The spread sheet, box_size_sir_bgi_final, has a 3rd worksheet
that includes the semi-major axis of the footprint ellipse by
channel and the box size and calculates the "optimum" ratio for
box size compared to footprint size.  Note that the threshold
used for the footprint Gaussian will also affect the box size -
our threshold is set to -9dB.
