Notes on matlab SIR simulation
David Long 
14 Jun 2014

The matlab script make_setup.m simulates TB measurements of an SSM/I 
fly-over a synthetic image.  It calls sim_SIR.c which creates SIR and
gridded images products from the measurements.  The simulation and
processing are highly simplified in order to illustrate the process.

Note that the synthetic image is low-pass filtered to meet the Nyquist
sampling requirements for SIR reconstruction.  

The script simulates the locations and spatial response functions for
single and multiple passes over a site.  It generates a simple "true"
synthetic image, which is low pass filtered.  The code then simulates 
both noisy and noise-free measurements as if they were collected over 
the "true" image.  It then runs the sim_SIR.c program which computes 
the SIR image estimate as well as AVE and non-enhanced, gridded images.  
It the computes error statistics between the estimated and true images.
A plot of the signal error and noise error versus iteration number is
plotted.  This process is repeated for representative (19, 37, 85 GHz)
SSM/I channels in order to select the best simulatin parameters.

Note: due to the way the true image is re-generated for eadh different
pixel resolution considered, the absolute error should not be compared
between different pixel resolutions,  The error can be compared for
different channels and number of iterations for a given pixel resolution,
however. 


Theory for the SIR algorithm is given in

D.S. Early and D.G. Long, "Image Reconstruction and Enhanced Resolution 
Imaging from Irregular Samples," IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and 
Remote Sensing, Vol. 39, No. 2, pp. 291-302, 2001.

D.G. Long and D.L. Daum, "Spatial Resolution Enhancement of SSM/I Data," 
IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, Vol. 36, No. 2, 
pp. 407-417, Mar. 1998. 


The same setup file is the input to the Backus-Gilbert Inverstion (BGI)
processing code sim_BGI.c.  This program creates a standard .bgi file 
as well as a  median=filtered .bgi file.

Theory for the BGI processing algorithm as implemented here is given in

D.G. Long and D.L. Daum, "Spatial Resolution Enhancement of SSM/I Data," 
IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, Vol. 36, No. 2, 
pp. 407-417, Mar. 1998. 
